Tutorials/How to use the repository (Examples).md, before:

# How to use the repository (Examples)

Starting from a clean server operating system this how you end up with a [SDL Knowledge Center 2016](sdl.com/xml) Content Manager 12.0.1 Deployment.

# Acknowledgements

- The target computer name is `SERVER01` and is initialized with **Windows Server 2012 R2** or **Windows Server 2016**. There are two variations supported:
  - Server is joined into a domain. We'll use a domain certificate server to issue certificates. This is similar to the *Create Domain Certificate...* in **Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager**.
  - Server is not in a domain. Web Server certificate must be available in the store as a pre-requisite. 
- **osuser** and **ospassword** are the credentials used in the **Content Manager** installation input parameters to specify which user runs the services. The osuser must be member of the local administrator group.
- Dependency to PowerShell modules on gallery
  - [CertificatePS](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/CertificatePS/). This is used to help with certificate templates. Read more about this [here](https://github.com/Sarafian/CertificatePS)
  - [PSFTP](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PSFTP/). This is used to download files from an ftp server.
  - [ISHServer.12](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHServer.12/). This is used to automate the prerequisites instalation.
  - [ISHDeploy.12.0.0](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHDeploy.12.0.0/). This is used to download files from an ftp server.

To quickly host an internal NuGet server follow the instructions in this [article](https://docs.nuget.org/create/hosting-your-own-nuget-feeds). 
Once the server is up you need to register the repository on your system while specifying the both the `-SourceLocation` and `PublishLocation` parameters. 
In this example the name of the repository is `asarafian`.
  
# Steps

The process depends on scripts in the examples directory. To help run these scripts we need to use a json file that drives the files.

1. Publish the repository modules to an internal NuGet Server (mymachine).
1. Initialize PowerShellGet on remote server.
  1. Install PackageManagement
  1. Update the NuGet package provider.
  1. Register a repository for `mymachine`.
1. Install all modules
1. Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession. 
1. Install the server prerequisites using module [ISHServer.12](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHServer.12/).
1. Seed the server with a Content Manager CD.
1. Install a deployment.
1. Apply code as configuration scripts using PowerShell module [ISHDeploy.12.0.1](www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHDeploy.12.0.1/). Other module variants are also possible
1. Run Pester tests

## Load the data container json file

```powershell
& .\Examples\Load-ISHBootstrapperContext.ps1 -JSONFile "server01.json"
```
An obfuscated file for local execution looks like this
```json
{
  "ISHVersion": "12.0.1",
  "ISHDeployRepository": "PSGallery",
  "PSRepository": [
  ],
  "WebCertificate": {
    "Authority": "Authority",
    "OrganizationalUnit": "OrganizationUnit",
    "Organization": "Organization"
  },
  "FTP": {
    "Host": "host",
    "CredentialExpression": "New-Credential -Message \"FTP\"",
    "ISHServerFolder": "Download/InfoShare120/ISHServer/",
    "ISHCDFolder": "Download/InfoShare120/SP1/",
    "ISHCDFileName": "20160815.CD.InfoShare.12.0.3215.1.Trisoft-DITA-OT.exe",
    "AntennaHouseLicensePath": "License/AntennaHouse/AHFormatter.lic"
  },
  "AWSS3": {
    "BucketName": "bucketname",
    "ProfileName": "profilename",
    "AccessKey": "accesskey",
    "SecretKey": "secretkey",
    "ISHServerFolderKey": "InfoShare/12.0/PreRequisites",
    "ISHCDFolderKey": "InfoShare/12.0/",
    "ISHCDFileName": "20160815.CD.InfoShare.12.0.3215.1.Trisoft-DITA-OT.exe",
    "AntennaHouseLicenseKey": "Licenses/AntennaHouse/AHFormatter.lic"
  },
  "OSUserCredentialExpression": "New-Credential -Message \"OSUser\"",
  "Configuration": [
    {
      "XOPUS": [
        {
          "LisenceKey": "license",
          "Domain": "domain"
        }
      ],
      "ExternalID": "username",
      "ADFSComputerName": "adfs.example.com"
    }
  ],
  "ISHDeployment": [
    {
      "Name": "InfoShare",
      "IsOracle": false,
      "ConnectionString": "",
      "LucenePort": 9010,
      "UseRelativePaths": false,
      "Scripts": [
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ADFSIntegration.ps1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

Please note:
- The `FTP` and `AWSS3` properties are exclusive. **Define only one**.
- Within `AWSS3`
  -  The `ProfileName`,`AccessKey` and `SecretKey` are optional.
  -  The `ProfileName` is exclusive to the `AccessKey` and `SecretKey`.  **Define only one**.
- If you are already a customer of SDL Knowledge Center, the above FTP paths will not be available. Ask your SDL contact to prepare the files for you account.

## Initialize PowerShellGet on remote server

```powershell
& .\Examples\Initialize-PowerShellGet.ps1
```

This step uses the `PSRepository` list from the json. Make sure you have the correct values.
As part of this step, [ProcessExplorer](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/processexplorer.aspx) will be installed when `InstallProcessExplorer` is `true`. I just like ProcessExplorer and find it usefull when troubleshooting this repository.

## Install all modules

```powershell
& .\Examples\Install-Module.ps1
```

Installs all required modules.

## Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession 

```powershell
& .\Examples\Initialize-WinRM.ps1
```

The required certificate for the Secure WinRM is issued by the domain certificate authority, effectively making it a double hop. More about the issue [PowerShell Remoting Caveats](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/powershell-remoting-caveats/). 
For this script to work we need an extra fragment in the JSON

```json
  "DOMAIN": "GLOBAL",
  "WinRMCredSSP": {
	"Certificate": {
		"Authority": "Authority",
		"OrganizationalUnit": "OrganizationalUnit",
		"Organization": "Organization",
		"State": "State"
	},
	"MoveChain": false,
	"PfxPassword": "sdl"
  }
```

Make sure that this section is not the same as with the `WebCertificate` in the JSON. 
When two certificates with the exact same subject name exist, then **Content Manager** will not work. 
During the execution:

1. WinRM secure prerequisites are installed.
1. A certificate is issued locally from the local domain certificate authority.
1. The certificate is copied to the remote server.
1. The certificate is used to setup the WinRM secure.

If you can benefit from the alternative described in [PowerShell Remoting Kerberos Double Hop Solved Securely](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/ashleymcglone/2016/08/30/powershell-remoting-kerberos-double-hop-solved-securely/) then this step is not necessary at all.

**Important to notice** is that this steps creates a web server certificate that is used later on the HTTPS binding on IIS. If you skip this step then the certificate must be issued.

## Install the server prerequisites

```powershell
# .\Examples\Initialize-ISHServer.ps1
```

Install the OracleODAC client is a pre-requisite only when a Content Manager deployment is configured against an Oracle database. 
The script will not install by default the OracleODAC. 
To force the installation add the following into the json file

```json
  "InstallOracle": true,
```

Some of the installed components require a restart on the VM. 
The script will take care of that when the target is a remote server.

This step uses the `FTP.*` for the ISHServer 3rd party dependencies. The file are copied from this folder into the remote server.
The values of `CredentialForCredSSPExpression` and `OSUserCredentialExpression` are an abstraction to the credentials for a user that can establish a session with CredSSP and for the `osuser`.
Behind the scenes the `Invoke-Expression` is used to execute the specified cmdlet. In my profile scripts I've made sure that cmdlets `New-MyCredential` and `New-InfoShareServiceUserCredential` are always available.

Behind the scenes the scripts in folder `Source\Server\ISHServer` are executed. 
The `Initialize-ISHServerOSUser.ps1` is the most tricky one because it needs to add the `osuser` to the local administrator group. 
To do that the remote call needs to access the active directory and this is where the double hop issue appears. Read more on [About CredSSP authentication for PSSession](About CredSSP authentication for PSSession.md). 
CredSSP requires secure SSL. That means that a session must be created using the Fully Qualified Domain Name of the computer because the certificate should have as Common Name (CN) the same. 
As an example if the server is `server` and the FQDN is `server.x1.x2.x3` the code that imports implicitly a module looks like 

```powershell
$session=New-PSSession "server.x1.x2.x3" -Credential -UseSSL -Authentication CredSSP
Import-Module $moduleName -PSSession $session -Force
```

If you are unlucky and those `x(n)`are long then you might end up with this message

> Import-Module : Failed to generate proxies for remote module 'ISHServer.12'.  The specified path, file name, or both are too long. The fully qualified file name must be less than 260 characters, and the directory name must be less than 248 characters.

There is not another way around this besides driving the session with the computer name.  
Then ssl validation will fail with 

> The SSL certificate contains a common name (CN) that does not match the hostname. For more information, see the about_Remote_Troubleshooting Help topic.

To not use the lengthy FQDN and bypass the certificate common name validation adjust the JSON  like this

```json
  "UseFQDNWithCredSSP": false,
  "SessionOptionsWithCredSSPExpression": "New-PSSessionOption -SkipCNCheck",
```

## Seed the server with a Content Manager CD

```powershell
& .\Examples\Copy-ISHCD.ps1
```

This step uses the values of the `FTP` or `AWSS3` properties

## Install a deployment

```powershell
& .\Examples\Install-ISH.ps1
```

## Apply code as configuration scripts

This section is the one that is expected to modified as much as possible. 
For this reason, all references here are for showcase purpose only.

I've created a script `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` that wraps up functionality for the ISHDeploy module.

```json
"ISHDeployment": [
	{
	  "Name": "InfoShare",
	  "IsOracle": false,
	  "ConnectionString": "",
	  "LucenePort": 9010,
	  "UseRelativePaths": false,
	  "Scripts": [
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHSTSRelyingParty.ps1"
	  ]
	}
]
```

You can trigger the sequence with 

```powershell
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Configure
```

`Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` accepts two other parameters:

- `-Status` return the history and input parameter delta as defined in the [Get-Status.ps1]`/Exampes/ISHDeploy/Get-Status.ps1` script.
- `-Undo` undos all action done to the repository using ISHDeploy cmdlets using the [Undo-ISHDeployment.ps1]`/Exampes/ISHDeploy/Undo-ISHDeployment`. This is very useful for development purposes and I use is it as my quick reset mechanism.

```powershell
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Status 
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Undo 
```

The above scripts are based on executing script blocks on the remote servers. 
This pattern is not very friendly to the concept of code as configuration as described on [code as configuration](https://sarafian.github.io/post/code%20as%20configuration/). 
Although much of the noise is hidden away using the `Invoke-CommandWrap` which is available on [gist](https://gist.github.com/Sarafian/a277cd64468a570dff74682eb929ff3c) for some people it is not good enough. 
For this reason all scripts have a sibling counterpart that uses implicit remoting as described on [import and use module from a remote server](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/Import-Use-Module-Remote-Server/).

- `Set-ISHCMComponents.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Set-ISHSTSRelyingParty.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Get-Status.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Undo-ISHDeployment.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`

All *ImplicitRemoting.ps1* variants do exactly the same thing but the code is conceptually different. 
You must also watch out because the code executes also differently. 
There are some important aspects of PowerShell remoting that one needs to be aware of. 
Read more about it on [PowerShell remoting caveats](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/powershell-remoting-caveats/) and google.

> What you see is not exactly what you get!

The scripts with implicit remoting use the `Invoke-ImplicitRemoting` cmdlet defined in the repository. 
This is a variation of `Invoke-CommandWrap` and it executes a script block that uses cmdlets from a module that is available on a remote server by first importing implicitly the defined modules. 
It will also do some cleanup. 
The most amazing thing is that you can debug each line of the block!

You can any of the above options for `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` with the `-UseImplicitRemoting` parameter 

```powershell
# Configure
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Configure -UseImplicitRemoting
# Status
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Status -UseImplicitRemoting
# Undo
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Undo -UseImplicitRemoting
```

All scripts targetted by `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` must offer a minimum parameter set
| Parameter | Mandatory | AllowNull | Variant |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | ------- |
| Computer | False | True | Both | 
| Credential | False | True | Both | 
| DeploymentName | True | False | Both | 
| ISHVersion | True | False | Implicit remoting | 

# Verify deployments

`Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1` can run two different types of tests:

- Deployment independent tests. Use `& .\Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1 -Server`
- Deployment specific tests. Use `& .\Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1 -Deployment`

## Deployment independent tests

Declare the test script section in the JSON on the rool level with key `Pester`

```json
{
  "Pester": [
	  "Pester\\Module.Tests.ps1"
  ]
}
```

Each test script must accept the following parameters
```powershell
param (
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$false)]
    $Session,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$ISHVersion
)        
```

## Deployment specific tests

Declare the test script section in the JSON within a deployment with key `Pester`

```json
{
	"ISHDeployment": [
	{
	  "Name": "InfoShare",
	  "IsOracle": false,
	  "ConnectionString": "",
	  "LucenePort": 9010,
	  "UseRelativePaths": false,
	  "Scripts": [
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ADFSIntegration.ps1"
	  ],
	  "Pester": [
  		"Pester\\Basic.Tests.ps1",
	  ]
	}
  ]
}  
```

Each test script must accept the following parameters
```powershell
param (
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$false)]
    $Session,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$DeploymentName,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$ISHVersion
)        
```

# Final remarks

- With some minor modifications the entire process can be executed against the local operating system. Start with not defining `ComputerName` in the json file. Since everything executes locally we don't need to configure **Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession** but please take notice on the remark. 
- The flow is split into what I considered isolated steps. This repository is a showcase and some steps need to be adjusted accordingly to match production level requirements. 
**Please keep in mind the acknowledgements of the repository**.

Commit message:

Ishserver manage osuser profile (#63)
* GH-62

* GH-62: Fixed a bug

Tutorials/How to use the repository (Examples).md, after:

# How to use the repository (Examples)

Starting from a clean server operating system this how you end up with a [SDL Knowledge Center 2016](sdl.com/xml) Content Manager 12.0.1 Deployment.

# Acknowledgements

- The target computer name is `SERVER01` and is initialized with **Windows Server 2012 R2** or **Windows Server 2016**. There are two variations supported:
  - Server is joined into a domain. We'll use a domain certificate server to issue certificates. This is similar to the *Create Domain Certificate...* in **Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager**.
  - Server is not in a domain. Web Server certificate must be available in the store as a pre-requisite. 
- **osuser** and **ospassword** are the credentials used in the **Content Manager** installation input parameters to specify which user runs the services. The osuser must be member of the local administrator group.
- Dependency to PowerShell modules on gallery
  - [CertificatePS](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/CertificatePS/). This is used to help with certificate templates. Read more about this [here](https://github.com/Sarafian/CertificatePS)
  - [PSFTP](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PSFTP/). This is used to download files from an ftp server.
  - [ISHServer.12](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHServer.12/). This is used to automate the prerequisites instalation.
  - [ISHDeploy.12.0.0](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHDeploy.12.0.0/). This is used to download files from an ftp server.

To quickly host an internal NuGet server follow the instructions in this [article](https://docs.nuget.org/create/hosting-your-own-nuget-feeds). 
Once the server is up you need to register the repository on your system while specifying the both the `-SourceLocation` and `PublishLocation` parameters. 
In this example the name of the repository is `asarafian`.
  
# Steps

The process depends on scripts in the examples directory. To help run these scripts we need to use a json file that drives the files.

1. Publish the repository modules to an internal NuGet Server (mymachine).
1. Initialize PowerShellGet on remote server.
  1. Install PackageManagement
  1. Update the NuGet package provider.
  1. Register a repository for `mymachine`.
1. Install all modules
1. Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession. 
1. Install the server prerequisites using module [ISHServer.12](http://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHServer.12/).
1. Seed the server with a Content Manager CD.
1. Install a deployment.
1. Apply code as configuration scripts using PowerShell module [ISHDeploy.12.0.1](www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ISHDeploy.12.0.1/). Other module variants are also possible
1. Run Pester tests

## Load the data container json file

```powershell
& .\Examples\Load-ISHBootstrapperContext.ps1 -JSONFile "server01.json"
```
An obfuscated file for local execution looks like this
```json
{
  "ISHVersion": "12.0.1",
  "ISHDeployRepository": "PSGallery",
  "PSRepository": [
  ],
  "WebCertificate": {
    "Authority": "Authority",
    "OrganizationalUnit": "OrganizationUnit",
    "Organization": "Organization"
  },
  "FTP": {
    "Host": "host",
    "CredentialExpression": "New-Credential -Message \"FTP\"",
    "ISHServerFolder": "Download/InfoShare120/ISHServer/",
    "ISHCDFolder": "Download/InfoShare120/SP1/",
    "ISHCDFileName": "20160815.CD.InfoShare.12.0.3215.1.Trisoft-DITA-OT.exe",
    "AntennaHouseLicensePath": "License/AntennaHouse/AHFormatter.lic"
  },
  "AWSS3": {
    "BucketName": "bucketname",
    "ProfileName": "profilename",
    "AccessKey": "accesskey",
    "SecretKey": "secretkey",
    "ISHServerFolderKey": "InfoShare/12.0/PreRequisites",
    "ISHCDFolderKey": "InfoShare/12.0/",
    "ISHCDFileName": "20160815.CD.InfoShare.12.0.3215.1.Trisoft-DITA-OT.exe",
    "AntennaHouseLicenseKey": "Licenses/AntennaHouse/AHFormatter.lic"
  },
  "OSUserCredentialExpression": "New-Credential -Message \"OSUser\"",
  "Configuration": [
    {
      "XOPUS": [
        {
          "LisenceKey": "license",
          "Domain": "domain"
        }
      ],
      "ExternalID": "username",
      "ADFSComputerName": "adfs.example.com"
    }
  ],
  "ISHDeployment": [
    {
      "Name": "InfoShare",
      "IsOracle": false,
      "ConnectionString": "",
      "LucenePort": 9010,
      "UseRelativePaths": false,
      "Scripts": [
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
        "ISHDeploy\\Set-ADFSIntegration.ps1"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

Please note:
- The `FTP` and `AWSS3` properties are exclusive. **Define only one**.
- Within `AWSS3`
  -  The `ProfileName`,`AccessKey` and `SecretKey` are optional.
  -  The `ProfileName` is exclusive to the `AccessKey` and `SecretKey`.  **Define only one**.
- If you are already a customer of SDL Knowledge Center, the above FTP paths will not be available. Ask your SDL contact to prepare the files for you account.

## Initialize PowerShellGet on remote server

```powershell
& .\Examples\Initialize-PowerShellGet.ps1
```

This step uses the `PSRepository` list from the json. Make sure you have the correct values.
As part of this step, [ProcessExplorer](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/processexplorer.aspx) will be installed when `InstallProcessExplorer` is `true`. I just like ProcessExplorer and find it usefull when troubleshooting this repository.

## Install all modules

```powershell
& .\Examples\Install-Module.ps1
```

Installs all required modules.

## Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession 

```powershell
& .\Examples\Initialize-WinRM.ps1
```

The required certificate for the Secure WinRM is issued by the domain certificate authority, effectively making it a double hop. More about the issue [PowerShell Remoting Caveats](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/powershell-remoting-caveats/). 
For this script to work we need an extra fragment in the JSON

```json
  "DOMAIN": "GLOBAL",
  "WinRMCredSSP": {
	"Certificate": {
		"Authority": "Authority",
		"OrganizationalUnit": "OrganizationalUnit",
		"Organization": "Organization",
		"State": "State"
	},
	"MoveChain": false,
	"PfxPassword": "sdl"
  }
```

Make sure that this section is not the same as with the `WebCertificate` in the JSON. 
When two certificates with the exact same subject name exist, then **Content Manager** will not work. 
During the execution:

1. WinRM secure prerequisites are installed.
1. A certificate is issued locally from the local domain certificate authority.
1. The certificate is copied to the remote server.
1. The certificate is used to setup the WinRM secure.

If you can benefit from the alternative described in [PowerShell Remoting Kerberos Double Hop Solved Securely](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/ashleymcglone/2016/08/30/powershell-remoting-kerberos-double-hop-solved-securely/) then this step is not necessary at all.

**Important to notice** is that this steps creates a web server certificate that is used later on the HTTPS binding on IIS. If you skip this step then the certificate must be issued.

## Install the server prerequisites

```powershell
# .\Examples\Initialize-ISHServer.ps1
```

Install the OracleODAC client is a pre-requisite only when a Content Manager deployment is configured against an Oracle database. 
The script will not install by default the OracleODAC. 
To force the installation add the following into the json file

```json
  "InstallOracle": true,
```

Some of the installed components require a restart on the VM. 
The script will take care of that when the target is a remote server.

This step uses the `FTP.*` for the ISHServer 3rd party dependencies. The file are copied from this folder into the remote server.
The values of `CredentialForCredSSPExpression` and `OSUserCredentialExpression` are an abstraction to the credentials for a user that can establish a session with CredSSP and for the `osuser`.
Behind the scenes the `Invoke-Expression` is used to execute the specified cmdlet. In my profile scripts I've made sure that cmdlets `New-MyCredential` and `New-InfoShareServiceUserCredential` are always available.

Behind the scenes the scripts in folder `Source\Server\ISHServer` are executed. 
The `Initialize-ISHServerOSUser.ps1` is the most tricky one because it needs to add the `osuser` to the local user repository, set it as local administrator group and fully create it's local user profile. 
To do that the remote call needs to access the active directory and this is where the double hop issue appears. Read more on [About CredSSP authentication for PSSession](About CredSSP authentication for PSSession.md). 
CredSSP requires secure SSL. That means that a session must be created using the Fully Qualified Domain Name of the computer because the certificate should have as Common Name (CN) the same. 
As an example if the server is `server` and the FQDN is `server.x1.x2.x3` the code that imports implicitly a module looks like 

```powershell
$session=New-PSSession "server.x1.x2.x3" -Credential -UseSSL -Authentication CredSSP
Import-Module $moduleName -PSSession $session -Force
```

If you are unlucky and those `x(n)`are long then you might end up with this message

> Import-Module : Failed to generate proxies for remote module 'ISHServer.12'.  The specified path, file name, or both are too long. The fully qualified file name must be less than 260 characters, and the directory name must be less than 248 characters.

There is not another way around this besides driving the session with the computer name.  
Then ssl validation will fail with 

> The SSL certificate contains a common name (CN) that does not match the hostname. For more information, see the about_Remote_Troubleshooting Help topic.

To not use the lengthy FQDN and bypass the certificate common name validation adjust the JSON  like this

```json
  "UseFQDNWithCredSSP": false,
  "SessionOptionsWithCredSSPExpression": "New-PSSessionOption -SkipCNCheck",
```

## Seed the server with a Content Manager CD

```powershell
& .\Examples\Copy-ISHCD.ps1
```

This step uses the values of the `FTP` or `AWSS3` properties

## Install a deployment

```powershell
& .\Examples\Install-ISH.ps1
```

## Apply code as configuration scripts

This section is the one that is expected to modified as much as possible. 
For this reason, all references here are for showcase purpose only.

I've created a script `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` that wraps up functionality for the ISHDeploy module.

```json
"ISHDeployment": [
	{
	  "Name": "InfoShare",
	  "IsOracle": false,
	  "ConnectionString": "",
	  "LucenePort": 9010,
	  "UseRelativePaths": false,
	  "Scripts": [
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHSTSRelyingParty.ps1"
	  ]
	}
]
```

You can trigger the sequence with 

```powershell
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Configure
```

`Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` accepts two other parameters:

- `-Status` return the history and input parameter delta as defined in the [Get-Status.ps1]`/Exampes/ISHDeploy/Get-Status.ps1` script.
- `-Undo` undos all action done to the repository using ISHDeploy cmdlets using the [Undo-ISHDeployment.ps1]`/Exampes/ISHDeploy/Undo-ISHDeployment`. This is very useful for development purposes and I use is it as my quick reset mechanism.

```powershell
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Status 
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Undo 
```

The above scripts are based on executing script blocks on the remote servers. 
This pattern is not very friendly to the concept of code as configuration as described on [code as configuration](https://sarafian.github.io/post/code%20as%20configuration/). 
Although much of the noise is hidden away using the `Invoke-CommandWrap` which is available on [gist](https://gist.github.com/Sarafian/a277cd64468a570dff74682eb929ff3c) for some people it is not good enough. 
For this reason all scripts have a sibling counterpart that uses implicit remoting as described on [import and use module from a remote server](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/Import-Use-Module-Remote-Server/).

- `Set-ISHCMComponents.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Set-ISHSTSRelyingParty.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Get-Status.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`
- `Undo-ISHDeployment.ImplicitRemoting.ps1`

All *ImplicitRemoting.ps1* variants do exactly the same thing but the code is conceptually different. 
You must also watch out because the code executes also differently. 
There are some important aspects of PowerShell remoting that one needs to be aware of. 
Read more about it on [PowerShell remoting caveats](https://sarafian.github.io/post/powershell/powershell-remoting-caveats/) and google.

> What you see is not exactly what you get!

The scripts with implicit remoting use the `Invoke-ImplicitRemoting` cmdlet defined in the repository. 
This is a variation of `Invoke-CommandWrap` and it executes a script block that uses cmdlets from a module that is available on a remote server by first importing implicitly the defined modules. 
It will also do some cleanup. 
The most amazing thing is that you can debug each line of the block!

You can any of the above options for `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` with the `-UseImplicitRemoting` parameter 

```powershell
# Configure
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Configure -UseImplicitRemoting
# Status
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Status -UseImplicitRemoting
# Undo
& .\Examples\Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1 -Undo -UseImplicitRemoting
```

All scripts targetted by `Invoke-ISHDeployScript.ps1` must offer a minimum parameter set
| Parameter | Mandatory | AllowNull | Variant |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | ------- |
| Computer | False | True | Both | 
| Credential | False | True | Both | 
| DeploymentName | True | False | Both | 
| ISHVersion | True | False | Implicit remoting | 

# Verify deployments

`Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1` can run two different types of tests:

- Deployment independent tests. Use `& .\Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1 -Server`
- Deployment specific tests. Use `& .\Examples\Invoke-Pester.ps1 -Deployment`

## Deployment independent tests

Declare the test script section in the JSON on the rool level with key `Pester`

```json
{
  "Pester": [
	  "Pester\\Module.Tests.ps1"
  ]
}
```

Each test script must accept the following parameters
```powershell
param (
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$false)]
    $Session,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$ISHVersion
)        
```

## Deployment specific tests

Declare the test script section in the JSON within a deployment with key `Pester`

```json
{
	"ISHDeployment": [
	{
	  "Name": "InfoShare",
	  "IsOracle": false,
	  "ConnectionString": "",
	  "LucenePort": 9010,
	  "UseRelativePaths": false,
	  "Scripts": [
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMComponents.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ISHCMMenuAndButton.ps1",
      "ISHDeploy\\Set-ADFSIntegration.ps1"
	  ],
	  "Pester": [
  		"Pester\\Basic.Tests.ps1",
	  ]
	}
  ]
}  
```

Each test script must accept the following parameters
```powershell
param (
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$false)]
    $Session,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$DeploymentName,
    [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
    [string]$ISHVersion
)        
```

# Final remarks

- With some minor modifications the entire process can be executed against the local operating system. Start with not defining `ComputerName` in the json file. Since everything executes locally we don't need to configure **Enable the CredSSP authentication for PSSession** but please take notice on the remark. 
- The flow is split into what I considered isolated steps. This repository is a showcase and some steps need to be adjusted accordingly to match production level requirements. 
**Please keep in mind the acknowledgements of the repository**.
